com/mygdx/game/RadialSprite.java
 com.mygdx.game.RadialSprite
com/mygdx/game/Preffics.java
 com.mygdx.game.Preffics
com/mygdx/game/MyTextButton.java
 com.mygdx.game.MyTextButton
com/mygdx/game/Npc.java
 com.mygdx.game.Npc
 com.mygdx.game.PlayerCondition
com/mygdx/game/TextToDraw.java
 com.mygdx.game.TextView
com/mygdx/game/BaseActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseActor
com/mygdx/game/Message.java
 com.mygdx.game.Message
com/mygdx/game/StatBar.java
 com.mygdx.game.StatBar
com/mygdx/game/StringAlignUtils.java
 com.mygdx.game.StringAlignUtils
 com.mygdx.game.StringAlignUtils$1
 com.mygdx.game.StringAlignUtils$Alignment
com/mygdx/game/IActivityRequestHandler.java
 com.mygdx.game.IActivityRequestHandler
com/mygdx/game/PathFinding.java
 com.mygdx.game.PathFinding
 com.mygdx.game.PathFinding$1
com/mygdx/game/Coordinates.java
 com.mygdx.game.Coordinates
com/mygdx/game/Node.java
 com.mygdx.game.Node
com/mygdx/game/Grid2d.java
 com.mygdx.game.Grid2d
 com.mygdx.game.Grid2d$MapNode
com/mygdx/game/PlayerAnimationData.java
 com.mygdx.game.PlayerAnimationData
com/mygdx/game/ButtonData.java
 com.mygdx.game.ButtonData
com/mygdx/game/Stat.java
 com.mygdx.game.Stat
com/mygdx/game/SimpleDirectionGestureDetector.java
 com.mygdx.game.SimpleDirectionGestureDetector
 com.mygdx.game.SimpleDirectionGestureDetector$DirectionGestureListener
 com.mygdx.game.SimpleDirectionGestureDetector$DirectionListener
com/mygdx/game/Dialog.java
 com.mygdx.game.Dialog
com/mygdx/game/Language.java
 com.mygdx.game.Language
com/mygdx/game/FontFactory.java
 com.mygdx.game.FontFactory
com/mygdx/game/Exercise.java
 com.mygdx.game.Exercise
com/mygdx/game/MyInputListener.java
 com.mygdx.game.MyInputListener
com/mygdx/game/Variation.java
 com.mygdx.game.Variation
com/mygdx/game/ObjectData.java
 com.mygdx.game.ObjectData
com/mygdx/game/Player.java
 com.mygdx.game.Player
 com.mygdx.game.Player$1
com/mygdx/game/BaseRoom.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseRoom
com/mygdx/game/MyGdxGame.java
 com.mygdx.game.InterScreenCommunication
 com.mygdx.game.MyGdxGame
 com.mygdx.game.MyGdxGame$1
com/mygdx/game/GymRoom.java
 com.mygdx.game.GymRoom
 com.mygdx.game.GymRoom$1
